[13.0][IMP] sale_exception: Add customer sale warning + product warning exceptions (#1692)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_exception/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

To configure this module you need to:

#. Go to *Settings > User & Companies > Users*.
#. Edit your user.

> #. Check "A warning can be set on a product or a customer (Sale)" group.

Reviewer: You could maybe include here that the user should install `sale_management` to use the module, although it is not strictly a dependency...

> Only according to Customer sale warning and Product warning you need to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are going to use Customer sale warning and Product warning, 
for setting corresponding information, you need to:
```
